doc: gsg: remove nRF9160 and Thingy:91 GSG pages (#20705)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The :ref:`ug_nrf91` documentation to use `nRF Util`_ instead of nrfjprog.
  * The :ref:`dm-revisions` section of the :ref:`dm_code_base` page with information about the preview release tag, which replaces the development tag.

* Removed:

  * The standalone page for getting started with Nordic Thingy:53.
    The contents of this page have been moved to the :ref:`thingy53_precompiled` page and to the `Programmer app <Programming Nordic Thingy:53_>`_ documentation.
  * The standalone pages for getting started with Nordic Thingy:91.
    The contents of this page are covered by the `Cellular IoT Fundamentals course`_ in the `Nordic Developer Academy`_.
    The part about connecting the prototyping platform to nRF Cloud is now a standalone :ref:`thingy91_connect_to_cloud` page in the :ref:`thingy91_ug_intro` section.
  * The standalone pages for getting started with the nRF9160 DK.

>     This pages have been replaced by the `Quick Start app`_ that supports the nRF9160 DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These pages have been replaced by the `Quick Start app`_ that supports the nRF9160 DK.
```

>   * The standalone pages for getting started with the nRF9160 DK.
>     These pages have been replaced by the `Quick Start app`_ that supports the nRF9160 DK.

Reviewer 2: Isn't it just one page? https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/gsg_guides/nrf9160_gs.html 
```suggestion
  * The standalone page for getting started with the nRF9160 DK.
    This page has been replaced by the `Quick Start app`_ that supports the nRF9160 DK.
```
